#summary Character information, stats, classes, races and such

= Introduction =

This page is meant to contain information about the player character. Available classes, races, stats, and how everything works. Feel free to add your own ideas to this.


= Details =

== Basic character/creature ideas: ==
  * Creatures are identified by:
     * Name, does not have to be unique (orc, goblin, Johnny)
     * Faction, (a creature could be good (unhostile, interactable), follow the player, hostile to player, hostile to other creatures etc)
     * Race
     * Class
     * A set of attributes
     * Display data (symbol, color)
     * Spells

== Available classes: ==
Class infuences fighting style in some yet to be determined way, and what skills you have available to you. You can become multiple classes, and switch between roles, or be a combination class, and have each subclass level slower. Class affects stats on level up.
  * Warrior
  * Mage

== Available races: ==
Your race affects your starting stats, and your stats when you level up. You can be a mongrel, in which case your stats are a mix. Also, maybe creatures (and players) can mutate in some situations.

  * Human
  * Wookie

== Attribute list: ==
  * Strength (how hard you hit, etc)
  * Dexterity (crit chance, hit chance, etc)
  * Constitution (health, resistance, etc)
  * Wisdom (magic related?)
  * Intelligence (magic related?)
  * Charisma (wont really have a purpose unless we add towns and NPCs in future releases)
 
 
 